c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.dll.config
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.pdb
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.pri
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\PortableRest.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\PortableRest.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.csproj.App.config
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.dll
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\SlackTeamMembers.Service.pdb
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\florian\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\t\SlackTeamMembers\SlackTeamMembers.Service\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
